Feature/encryption (#72)
samply/beam: CHANGELOG.md

### Certificate validation and selection

Previously, if multiple certificates for a single common name were present in the CA the first one retrieved was chosen by the Beam.Proxy to use. In this version, the logic of choosing a certificate has changed: First, expired certificates are discarded. Second, certificates using a different modulus than the private key are discarded, and lastly, the newest of the remaining certificates are chosen.

Future versions of Beam will include an additional Certificate Revocation List check, however, this is not implemented, yet.

If your current setup relies on the previous behaviour, please check your CA and setup the certificates to follow the previously outlined selection rules.

## Major changes

* Bugfix: `Wait_count` malfunction. There was an issue, where some results were not returned by the long polling mechanism. The issue is fixed in this version.

## Minor improvement

* Improved debug output and logging
* Updated dependencies
* Removed `vault-rs` dependency

# Samply.Beam 0.4.0 -- 2022-11-23

> This release of Samply.Beam, while having only a minor version number change, is a significant step forward on Beam's roadmap. We are proud to announce the full integration of end-to-end encryption in Beam. This does not change the public API, so no changes on the user side should be required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this release of Samply.Beam, we are proud to announce the full integration of end-to-end encryption. To use this, you need to upgrade all components to version 0.4.0 or newer. However, this does not change the public API of the Proxy, so no changes on the user side should be required (drop-in-replacement).
```
